= fap

* http://github.com/oz/fap

== DESCRIPTION:

FAP is a ruby gem build on top of the excellent Nokogiri, to turn boring XML,
or HTML documents into yummy ruby objects.  Right now, it only support
using Nokogiri's XPath selectors, and simple "relations" between a document
nodes, though this will hopefully get better.

FAP's ideas are loosely connected to tools built by some adventurous fellas at
AF83, who still do PHP things to their brains.  Some credits should go to them,
and to the horrid weather that kept me locked inside last week-end.

And yes, I know it's a stupid name.  But I'm sure you can come up with a decent
acronym. :)

== SYNOPSIS:

    class Atom < FAP::Paw
      string :title,   :xpath => '//feed/title'
      uri    :url,     :xpath => '//feed/link[@rel="self"]', :get => :href
      date   :updated, :xpath => '//feed/updated'

      has_many :articles, :class => 'Article', :xpath => '//feed/entry'
    end

    class Article < FAP::Paw
      string :title # It is assumed here, that you want a string mapped on a <title> element
      uri    :url, :xpath => 'link[@rel="alternate"]', :get => :href    # Fetch the :href attribute
      string :content
      date   :updated_at, :xpath => 'updated'

      belongs_to :atom, :class => 'Atom'
    end

    atom = Atom.new open("http://search.twitter.com/search.atom?q=ruby")
    atom.articles.each do |article|
      puts "#{article.title}: #{article.url}"
    end

== REQUIREMENTS:

* nokogiri

== INSTALL:

* gem install fap

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Arnaud Berthomier

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
